README.md, before:

## MQDSS

The code in this repository is part of the work presented in the paper _"From
5-pass MQ-based identification to MQ-based signatures"_. When referring to this
implementation, please refer to the original publication:

> Ming-Shing Chen, Andreas Hülsing, Joost Rijneveld, Simona Samardjiska, and Peter Schwabe. From 5-pass MQ-based identification to MQ-based signatures. _Advances in Cryptology – ASIACRYPT 2016_, LNCS 10032, pp. 135-165, Springer, 2016. https://joostrijneveld.nl/papers/mqdss

Note that the scheme implemented in this repository differs slightly from the MQDSS scheme that was submitted to [NIST's Post-Quantum Cryptography project](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/Post-Quantum-Cryptography/Round-1-Submissions) in November 2017, making the two subtly incompatible.

## Compilation instructions

To compile the code, simply change into the 3pass or 5pass directory, and run:

    make

This also attempts to download and compile the Keccak Code Package if it is not
yet available. To avoid this, simply place it in the root directory first.

By default, the code relies on the availability of the AVX2 instruction set.
In particular, it assumes the Haswell platform. To switch to a different
platform, toggle line 4 and 5 of the respective Makefiles.

## Troubleshooting

Note that the Keccak Code Package depends on gcc, GNU Make and xsltproc. These
should be readily available through your package manager. Downloading the
KCP via git (as is done when calling `make`) requires git to be installed.

## Testing

To run the unit tests, simply call ./test.sh in the 3pass or 5pass directories.

## Benchmarking

To run measurements, execute any binaries produced in the measurements directories.

Commit message:

Add reference to NIST branch to README

README.md, after:

## MQDSS

The code in this repository is part of the work presented in the paper _"From
5-pass MQ-based identification to MQ-based signatures"_. When referring to this
implementation, please refer to the original publication:

> Ming-Shing Chen, Andreas Hülsing, Joost Rijneveld, Simona Samardjiska, and Peter Schwabe. From 5-pass MQ-based identification to MQ-based signatures. _Advances in Cryptology – ASIACRYPT 2016_, LNCS 10032, pp. 135-165, Springer, 2016. https://joostrijneveld.nl/papers/mqdss

Note that the scheme implemented in this repository differs slightly from the MQDSS scheme that was submitted to [NIST's Post-Quantum Cryptography project](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/Post-Quantum-Cryptography/Round-1-Submissions) in November 2017, making the two subtly incompatible. The basis for the code submitted to NIST can be found in the `NIST` branch of this repository.

## Compilation instructions

To compile the code, simply change into the 3pass or 5pass directory, and run:

    make

This also attempts to download and compile the Keccak Code Package if it is not
yet available. To avoid this, simply place it in the root directory first.

By default, the code relies on the availability of the AVX2 instruction set.
In particular, it assumes the Haswell platform. To switch to a different
platform, toggle line 4 and 5 of the respective Makefiles.

## Troubleshooting

Note that the Keccak Code Package depends on gcc, GNU Make and xsltproc. These
should be readily available through your package manager. Downloading the
KCP via git (as is done when calling `make`) requires git to be installed.

## Testing

To run the unit tests, simply call ./test.sh in the 3pass or 5pass directories.

## Benchmarking

To run measurements, execute any binaries produced in the measurements directories.
